thursday youtube by jim ross here i
Welcome you to one
new look trades today it works
to the topic defi for me now in the
pretty much last eight months
pretty big topic that testify
personally gained a lot and personally
yes today why little trick as it for
me a deep worked relatively well
so if he's already the last one
could have followed it then videos could
maybe even from the slides serve
I'm in Vancouver I'm in March
to vancouver there were about 92 92 5
kilo and then I'm relatively heavy in the
gone up to about 105 to
I changed my training which one
act in a separate video and was
then as I said safe on the 8th
september to germany
I came back about 105 kilo
actually pretty funny for the first
Let's see the scale on three digits
to live and now it's up to you
November
Now I'm about 96 5
and I guess that I have to
scarce kilo down I must
I'm about the same shape as me
that is , that is, effectively, I think
about two and a half three kilo
muscle mass and for me
because he actually carries in the dv
of course, probably say now
some years just have to stop the
calories do not count mine is natural
but the problem is clear to most
diets is yes that people are infected
not stick to my first
layout is always up to date like me
take the final result by default three large
meals as many do and also
they all have about 1000 calories
and there in between
any snacks between
because now I'm the class
I am convinced that with timing so
important but i just have
in between also risks that means me
in between, maybe just
eat a lot or drink a lot because
Otherwise I would feel such a bad teaching
and for me, was always in the
broken cool trick that i'm in
end effect mostly the middle meal
let it out so that was then
a great example is
lunch with just under 1000 calories and
which then simply replaced by
several small meals
I also have a channel couple recipes
the perfectly own either
it is different fruit salad
for example I have that was one of the
first snack food will follow in the
At the end you can do the little tip
do something with vegetables
fills up really well so especially these
Of course vegetables just almost has
No calories just like when you look at yourself
with the different fruits
busy there are also fruits in the
end effect of almost only carbohydrates resp
fructose is also different
types carbohydrate or different heights
Carbohydrate content in the fruits and
for example, the r4 grapefruit or
blue or something have you there you have really
no calories in it and but it fills the
still relatively good
that means you try your proteins
get his fats in and then feel
the rest easy with with clear
carbohydrates on or him with food
which feels relatively good but just what
has little calories and that has for me
really extremely good danger works
can also vary very well for
example just then depending on how you
but I worked, for example
the nine to five or any one
Shift work I have a night shift
or something that I just then
it's not lunch, for example
but for example breakfast or
just the dinner depending on the conversion
then always by smaller ones
a little snacks might be easy
to prepare a little food box for
in between my and snack food is
yes , I really have something
I do not have to sit down to warm up
but I'm just trying
to take and eat fast and that
I found really good in the trick
so this feeling of hunger ends up
to bridge this suffering and in the
end effect then simply the success
to have the deep
and as I said about now
I feel one kilo again
reasonably not thick now
maybe in the last ddr checks
still relatively finished
everything on my stomach is just that with me
last mazzi strong because of that I am
again happy to some extent
probably exactly in the sense
I hope the video did not help
See you in the next video I am
Out all the love I hope the video
you liked it when you asked me for one
want to support companies then give
the video like hetfield is best
coop's other friends step by step
and from the bussche our shop over
it really gets a lot of me
mean
We were in German for the company
business jobs in
germany creates and what customers on
a smile on the face of the whole world
we should try to do fitness and fitness
bodybuilding piece to do better with
our products we love and live
our products and our athletes
I am really happy in any case and
already say thank you for your help
supports and looks forward to everyone
fall in bed the next time
see